♪ dramatic music ♪
[gunfire]
[Calvin]
Where's the rest of the team?
- [machine gun firing]
- That's Roner's pig barking.
We got to get him and beat feet.
Come on. On me. let's go.
[cell phone ringing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Monica.
Monica?
Monica. where are you?
Monica? Monica!
[gasps]
[grunts softly]
[owl hoots outside]
[exhales]
♪ gentle music ♪
[lowing]
♪
[clicks tongue]
Better get moving...
...or figure out
how cruel this life is.
♪
I'm late. Again.
[Kayce]
Corral needs safeguarding.
You dial that in after school.
[Tate]
Corral's got to wait.
I'm sleeping over at Deebo's
after the rez meeting.
What meeting?
For the protest
against the mine that'll
dump toxins onto Broken Rock.
Running this ranch is our fight.
I got to go.
What about your breakfast?
Tate. hold up.
Look. I know
your mom was better at all this.
[car approaching]
You know this is rez land.
Technically.
U.S. Marshal
has no jurisdiction here.
[Calvin]
Good.
'cause. technically.
what I'm doing for you
is illegal as hell.
I got shot. fragged
and nearly court-martialed
'cause of you.
Consider us even.
[Calvin]
You gonna let him speak to his
old team leader like that. Tate?
[Tate] Man's got
a problem with authority.
Show him a good time. Cal.
He needs it.
[Calvin] Two frogmen
with enough explosives
to flatten the Rockies?
Not even your old man
can spoil that fun.
Looks like
you got pigeon tossed.
Take some R&R. man.
No days off on the ranch.
[chuckles] From
kicking doors to baling hay.
- So much for "evolve or die."
- [vehicle engine starts]
It's hard to believe
you couldn't hold down
- any of your marriages.
- [whistles]
Still going
for the jugular. I see.
Don't make me put you
in your place. sailor.
How much I owe you for these?
Compliments of the meth head
I took 'em off of.
But you mind sharing
what you're fixing to blow up?
This a wellness check?
All the shrapnel you've taken.
it's more like a "no man
left behind" kind of thing.
Okay. well. if you insist
on "swim buddying" me.
I'm gonna put you to work.
♪ quiet music ♪
[Calvin] I moved here three
months ago to start this team.
and I-I still don't get
this way of life.
Really. what do you do
out here all day?
Work the land. tend the herd.
Ranching's in my blood.
[Calvin]
All those years of door-kicking.
you never once mentioned that
you're some Montana Rockefeller.
That was the best part
about being a SEAL.
Yeah. Dutton didn't matter
in the Teams.
♪
- [chuckles]
- [laughs]
Better shot now
than when we were teammates.
Yeah. well. I need to be.
Marshal team's a tactical
Swiss Army knife.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- Crushing a lot of skulls?
- Oh. yeah. Gangs
and cartels. race warriors.
It may look like God's country.
but devil's running free
out here.
[Kayce] That's why
I'm at peace on this ranch.
Oh. yeah. Frogman at peace.
that's a notion.
Just tell me
you don't see ghosts.
I guess my time after the Teams
wasn't as smooth as yours. right?
Crushing pills
and throwing hands.
I mean. I went full gong show
after the Navy. but...
the marshals were my salvation.
And I'm guessing you've got
your own demons to conquer.
and I could sure use
another door-kicker.
My life's been "kill
or be killed" for too long. man.
Okay. Fair enough.
You know.
I could use a favor. though.
Got two fugitives.
they're holed up in the hills
just-just east of your family's
old ranch. I can't locate 'em.
Probably using
an old sheeper cabin
up where I'd track bighorns
with my brothers.
But the wildlife
and the terrain make it a no-go
for tenderfoots like you.
[laughs]
Not lacking ways
to die in Montana.
Explains a lot about you.
- [chuckles]
- Sure would be nice
to bag these guys. though.
They're preying on rez women.
I'll drive.
[tribal officer]
Mr. Chairman.
the mine announcement
is set for tomorrow.
The Secretary of the Interior
will land at 9:30.
deliver her remarks
at the mine location.
then head back to Washington
at 11:00.
Well. plundering
and pillaging is more efficient
than it used to be.
Government gets
cell phone magnets.
Broken Rock gets
an even higher cancer rate.
[council member] The rare earth
mineral site isn't on our land.
- We have no recourse.
- [Mo] It's on our river.
where our forefathers
watered their horses.
America's policies have
long dumped a steady flow
of poisons on our people.
Using a literal river indicates
they're running lower
on imagination
than cruelty.
[horse nickers]
Hell no. I'm not getting
on that beast. Cal.
You took down a Sinaloa kingpin.
but you're afraid of horses?
Well. this'll be fun.
Signed up to crush skulls.
not join the rodeo. boss.
Well. the only way
to traverse this land
is on horseback. Kayce.
meet my marshals.
Andrea. Miles. Belle.
Now. listen up.
Federal warrants are for
John King. Tyler White.
and the route we're taking.
it is rife with grizzlies
and rattlesnakes
and rock slides.
so Kayce's in charge.
Uh...
it's gonna be a rough haul.
Biggest risk is
your horse spooking.
You saying that thing
might buck me?
[Belle]
If its ears work.
Just pull the reins to stop.
kick her in the belly to go.
Want a boost?
It'd be the last thing you do.
♪ gentle music ♪
Cal never shared he was buddies
with Kayce Dutton.
[Andrea]
Something special about him?
Honey. have you done any
research on your new hometown?
[laughs]
Montana is a detour. not a home.
[Miles] Duttons owned
the biggest ranch in Montana
for generations.
Kayce sold it
to my tribe last year.
His dad was
the governor who was killed.
brother Jamie's the attorney
general who went missing.
Does any of this ring a bell?
No.
but I dig his hat.
Cabin's just beyond
that ridgeline.
Okay. That trigger
finger getting itchy?
[scoffs] My days of
running into fire are over.
Okay. y'all.
Let's shake some trees.
♪ low. propulsive music ♪
[sighs]
[insects trilling]
♪
[Andrea]
Runner!
[Calvin]
U.S. Marshals!
[horse snorts]
Hyah!
♪ tense music ♪
♪
[horse neighs]
We got to get ahead of him.
♪
[Midland's
"Glass Half Empty" playing]
♪ No. it ain't all about
the whiskey or beer ♪
♪ And you'll
understand when you... ♪
You shame me
to come out with your team.
then you drag me
to a place like this.
Well. Cal only picked this spot
'cause the stockyards
don't serve liquor.
Now. see. Belle's taste
leans more five-star
than "dive bar."
[Kayce] You rode
the hair off that horse.
Are you local?
You got a familiar way to you.
I get that a lot.
Belle used to be ATF.
She joined us two months ago.
Undercover specialist.
so holds her cards close.
I'm okay.
My dad told me.
"Never trust a cop
who won't drink with you."
Same logic applies to cowboys.
Dad's a cop?
You join the marshals
to impress him or defy him?
Avenge him.
Thank you for that glimpse
into your psych jacket.
[La Caretilla's "Jenny" playing]
[crowd groaning]
[singing in Spanish]
Our tradecraft is not
meant for hijacking jukeboxes.
You know. it's becoming clearer
every day why you got
kicked off your unit in D.C.
Honey. there's three things
you don't do in Montana.
Pet the buffalo.
try to outdrink Canadians.
- and mess with cowboys' music.
- [country music playing]
[patrons cheering]
Think that's my cue to leave.
No. Hey. we all should.
'cause tomorrow's mine rally
could be a powder-keg. so...
Broken Rock will be
out in force.
Locals. too. Could get salty.
My kid's gonna be there.
I can be extra eyes
and ears if you need 'em.
One-time deal.
[Calvin]
I'll deputize you.
Here.
Welcome
to the U.S. Marshals.
[singing in Lakota]
[loud chatter]
Haven't been this outmanned
since that PSD
we pulled in J-Bad.
I see you won't be outgunned.
Still licensed to carry that?
Gave up my badge.
not being Montanan.
[singing continues]
So. what's with the pictures?
Cancer victims from toxins
dumped onto the rez.
Tate.
U.S. Marshal?
What are you doing?
Just helping out Cal.
- You need to go home. buddy.
- What?
I need to be here.
This rally could get violent.
Since when are you
concerned about me
being exposed to violence?
Since everything
we've been through.
Go home.
After how much Mom suffered?
You should be leading
the charge here.
not waving the white flag.
[singing continues]
Whoa. boss man's here.
I'm your boss. not Gifford.
Well. only one of you
is a presidential appointee.
How long before
he mentions that?
Harry. what brings
you down from Helena?
Ah. when there's a member
of the president's
cabinet in my state.
you bet your bottom dollar
I'm showing up.
You got all dolled up
for the secretary.
Choke strap's out
of respect for the president.
The man did appoint me.
after all.
Cal. I want you to meet. uh.
Secretary Clarkson's
head of. uh. security.
This is Special Agent Dan Glenn.
This is Director Owen Kilborn
from Fish. Game and Parks.
[Owen] Crowd's amped up.
Appreciate you marshals
running point on my turf.
Well. we're not gonna
step on your toes. so...
No toes to step on.
I'm the only
Fish and Game asset here.
[Harry]
That's why I formed this team.
Last line of defense
in the region.
[Andrea]
I hope we live up to the hype.
The hornet's nest is a-stirring.
Make sure nobody kicks it.
[singing continues]
[Thomas]
Ah. This country's latest form
of radioactive colonialism
might be worth it
if it allows me to see
the reclusive Kayce Dutton.
[chuckles]
Thought you traded in
your badge.
I'm just moonlighting.
I'm only here 'cause
Tate's being a stubborn
pain in my ass.
[Thomas] Dutton father and son
that don't see eye to eye?
Hard to believe.
How are things on East Camp?
Eh. you know.
I got 5.000 acres. 300 pair.
and a disobedient teenager.
I'm living the dream.
[Mo chuckles]
I don't think
we've seen you on Broken Rock
since Monica's burial.
Yeah. she. uh. she picked
out her favorite spot
on East Camp
for me to visit her.
It isn't her grave
that keeps you connected
to her spirit.
[Glenn] Secretary's on target.
Eyes open.
[singing continues]
- [booing]
- [indistinct shouting]
Cal wants us patrolling
together. Dutton.
[Thomas]
You'll like Dust Cloud.
He's one of our best cops.
when not on probation.
[Mo] Yeah. he'll remind you of
the mustangs you used to break.
[Thomas]
Don't be a stranger. Kayce.
Solitude can be dangerous.
So can being a Dutton.
[singing continues]
Could've been a SEAL. too.
The corps suited me better.
I'm more blunt force weapon
than scalpel.
Place is a sniper's dream.
Eyes peeled.
[Clarkson] This mine will
help us bridge the gap
with our competitors.
making us safer.
richer and less dependent...
[overlapping shouting]
♪ tense music ♪
I got eyes on
a possible triggerman.
Say again. possible triggerman.
Black bag. in front of the dais.
[Calvin]
Avalanche. Avalanche. Avalanche.
Madam. I need you down now.
I need you down--
[high-pitched ringing]
[screaming]
♪
Is he conscious?
Check him up top for blood.
- [groans]
- Come on. stay with me.
♪ dramatic music ♪
Is Rainwater gonna be okay?
I need to help Cal
find whoever did this.
Let's get you home safe. first.
[Harry]
Avoided disaster today.
thanks to
my team's quick thinking.
What's the Broken Rock
chairman's status?
[Calvin]
He has a fighting chance.
thanks to some Navy medicine.
Secretary is already
wheels up for D.C.
[Owen]
Marshals have lead.
but let's keep
the communication lines open.
Mm-hmm.
White House is
gonna clean my plow.
we don't track down this bomber.
Lack of leads is frustrating.
[Andrea] We're in the sticks.
not Times Square. okay?
There's no surveillance. no
manpower to question witnesses
or identify suspects.
Time to sink or swim. frogman.
Get me that bomber.
Please tell me
you have something.
Strands from the backpack
covered in explosive residue.
Pressure cooker lid.
We're looking at
a homemade bomb.
By whom? This a lone wolf
or part of a. you know.
larger conspiracy?
[Andrea]
Did cowboy give you
a description on the triggerman?
Nah. he was too far
for anything useful.
Okay. Belle. use your contacts
at ATF. you start
digging into that bomb.
Miles. I want you running point
on collecting video footage.
We're talking local news.
social media.
You know what to do.
Best witnesses were
near the blast.
I'll canvass Bozeman General.
Think your Bronx charm is
gonna get people to open up?
[Calvin]
Kayce really wants to help.
That blast radius had a lot
of Broken Rock residents in it.
They-they will
talk to him. okay.
Let's go manhunting. Come on.
[siren whoops]
Thank you.
[Andrea]
How's it work around here?
Rez folks trust you
since you gave them land
the size of Rhode Island?
My wife is Broken Rock.
Raised our son there
for a while.
Sun rarely shines on the rez.
but this
is one of our darkest days.
- How's Rainwater?
- Still in surgery.
He's a fighter.
Picked a hell of a day
to leave the ranch.
Violence has a way
of finding the Duttons.
[Belle]
Explosive powder used
tracks to
Montana Department of Energy.
Can you pinpoint
where it's from?
Any one
of hundreds of job sites.
But I was able
to track the serial number
used on
the pressure cooker lid to
a Buckners's Hardware
near Broken Rock.
Near Broken Rock?
A locally built bomb
likely means local bomber.
Did you ID the buyer?
Paid in cash.
no security footage.
Well. I'd say that's
a nail in
the reservation's coffin.
You have means. motive.
- opportunity.
- Maybe get some evidence
before you go starting
the next Wounded Knee.
[Calvin]
Look. investigation goes
where the clues lead us. Miles.
Check this out.
Man in the hat
wearing the backpack.
moving through the crowd.
Disappears near the blast zone.
Do you have him
dropping the bag. though?
There's nothing
at the barrier yet.
and the explosion's
less than a minute later.
Facial recognition get a hit?
[tech] It's Jim Kane.
member of Broken Rock.
He's married with a daughter.
Works at a state-run oil rig.
Gives him access to explosives.
His brother
died of cancer last year.
likely caused
by toxins on the rez.
Could be motive.
Jim's tough. but a family man.
Whatever he is.
the bomb went off way too soon
for him to be the triggerman.
Explosion was right after
the bag was placed.
Good chance he was fragged.
Hey.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
Have you seen this man?
Uh. looks like
a John Doe we triaged.
He's in recovery.
[Andrea]
Jim Kane?
Deputy U.S. Marshal Andrea Cruz.
You're a person of interest
in today's bombing.
I'll tell Cal we have Kane.
Oh. Sorry.
I didn't know he had company.
[buttons beep on monitor]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[grunting]
[panting]
[Belle]
John Decker. 40.
Army vet.
10th Mountain Division.
currently resides up north
- in Conrad.
- [Calvin] 10th Mountain's gonna
give him explosives training.
Okay. what's his
- connection to Kane?
- Worked together last year.
same oil rig.
So old work buddies reunited
to take out the secretary?
Yeah. well. Kane had
access to the explosives.
Decker knew how
to make the bomb. and...
sounds like a conspiracy to me.
[Andrea] I turn my back on you
for two seconds.
How's the arm?
I've had worse.
So. who's the dead guy?
Former coworker of Kane's.
It seems
they were in this together.
[Kayce]
Does anything prove that?
I looked into Kane's eyes.
That... that man's not a killer.
Dead guy's phone has nothing.
- He was disciplined.
- Thank you.
Except for the part
where he tried to kill you.
What's this video game app?
[nurse]
Coming through.
One second. fellas.
During the war on terror.
the enemy used
game chatrooms to communicate.
[whimpering]
Hey.
Know them?
Jim Kane's wife and daughter.
You want
to explain why a dead man
has your wife and kid
on his phone?
[wife whimpering]
Were you leveraged
into the bombing?
Is your family in danger?
There's no greater violation
than having your child taken.
I've lived that horror.
so I know that sometimes
good men have to do bad things.
I'll crawl through hell
to find your family.
but I need your help.
[Mo]
Jim. I trust Kayce
with the lives of
the people I love.
You should. too.
They were gonna kill my family.
I didn't want to hurt anyone.
- I...
- [Andrea] Where are your wife
and daughter being held?
I don't know.
We were apart.
You got to get
Tiva and Lucy back.
I can't face
this world without 'em.
[Andrea] Who else was
Decker working with?
[Jim]
I was only with him.
They used those videos
to keep me in line.
Did he say why
he was targeting the secretary?
The secretary?
Decker wanted Rainwater dead.
So the secretary
wasn't the target.
the Broken Rock chief was?
Broken Rock chairman.
Tough spot for Kane.
Kill Rainwater
or your family dies.
[tech 2]
Social media links
Decker to a survivalist group.
the Trail Keepers.
Anti-government. anti-globalism
- and anti-land back movement.
- Rainwater's campaign
to recover our land
put him in the crosshairs.
But why go through the trouble
of making Kane a patsy
and the chairman seem like
collateral damage?
[Miles]
Because "angry Native killer"
wouldn't raise
as many questions.
especially from law enforcement.
Guilty as charged.
Deputy Marshal.
Okay. so. the Trail Keepers
are gonna be our best lead.
- Where do they camp?
- I'm working on it.
- Okay. thank you.
- [Miles] Instead of tracking
the militia.
maybe I can track Tiva.
Lots of parents have
started putting trackers
on their kids since
so many go missing.
Kane never mentioned anything
to Andrea or Kayce
about a tracker.
[Belle] Come on.
Your wife tell you all the ways
she tried to
keep your daughter safe?
Only when she left
with her for good.
Look. Dust Cloud.
get on the trackers.
okay? 'Cause at some point.
these Trail Keepers.
they're gonna realize
Decker's not coming back
and we're in their playbook.
Deputy Marshal Calvin. a word?
You want to tell me
why there's a Dutton
dropping bodies for this unit?
Kayce's my former teammate.
one man force-multiplier.
You couldn't find
one of them Menendez brothers
or some kin of El Chapo instead?
He's a war hero.
What's the issue?
The issue is
we Marshals uphold the law.
the Duttons bend it.
Is there something
between you and Kayce's family
that I should know about?
Just 40 years
of personal history.
Duttons are born with
dysfunction in their blood.
Kayce's my brother. so...
you want him out of here.
you do it yourself.
[door opens]
[phone buzzing]
[Calvin]
You weren't kidding about
your whole life
being kill or be killed.
Look. we threw you
into the fire today.
so there's no shame
if you need to stand down.
Told Kane I'd see it through.
[Miles]
Got it.
Tiva has a tracker.
It's pinging in Glacier Park.
Okay. Andrea. you're
gonna quarterback from here
just in case anything
pops off locally.
The rest of you...
[clicks tongue] ...on me.
Target's at least
a few hundred miles away.
How we gonna close the gap?
Not on horseback.
♪ dramatic music ♪
Might not want
to high port that rifle
with our rotor above us.
Okay.
Back on the crazy train.
Only law enforcement
near the Trail Keepers
is one of Kilborn's
game wardens.
30 miles away.
How did Decker know
to grab Kane's family three days
before the secretary's
trip was made public?
The Trail Keepers
got inside information
from someone. Good catch.
All right. dig into who had
advance word
of the secretary's trip.
Cross-reference everyone
with Decker
and the Trail Keepers.
♪
[Miles]
It's quiet.
Maybe they bailed.
Tracker's still pinging
on the inside.
[Belle]
Should we do a callout?
No. we got
the element of surprise.
Slow is smooth
and smooth is fast. Let's go.
Found a link to Decker.
His Army commanding officer
is the Fish. Game and Parks
Director. Owen Kilborn.
I just told him
the target we're hitting.
- [Andrea] One. this is Knife.
- Take cover!
Abort. Say again. abort.
Lucy and Tiva don't
got time for this.
Getting shot up out here.
I'm gonna go right.
draw 'em out.
Okay. move. move!
♪ tense music ♪
I'm moving on target.
Kayce.
we're gonna make
entry in three seconds.
♪
[man groaning]
[man groans]
[handcuffs clicking]
Ah!
♪
Clear.
- [gunshot]
- [grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[Belle coughing]
Got your strike plate.
You're good. You're good.
♪
[crying softly]
[Calvin]
No sign of the girl.
[Kayce] Probably using
the girl as a shield.
Hey. hey. listen.
We're U.S. Marshals. okay?
We're here to help you.
Here's the tracker.
They lured us in.
[crying]
My-my baby. they took her.
[Calvin] Do you know
where they're headed?
[Lucy]
No.
They-they can't have gone far.
Please.
Where are they taking the girl?
[grunting]
Detailed op like this
has an exfil plan.
- What is it?
- I don't know.
[screaming]
I have a lot more ways
of hurting you
than you have of resisting me.
[groaning]
Cracker Lake.
Kilborn and the other guy
are taking her there.
Hey.
Marshal badge means
we got to fight clean.
You can fight clean.
I'll fight to win.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
- [Owen] Come on. kid!
- [Tiva] Leave me alone.
No. no!
[militia]
Hey!
[Calvin]
Okay. let her go. Kilborn.
Drop it! Or she's dead.
- [Calvin] Just take it easy.
- Drop it!
[Calvin]
Hey. let's talk this over.
- [gunshot]
- [Tiva yelps]
[body thumps]
- ♪ gentle music
- [Kilborn grunts]
You've... stopped... nothing.
It's okay. all right?
You're okay now.
You're okay.
Come on. You're okay. Come on.
♪
Uh. is that some sort of
native healing balm?
I'm rather particular about
what I put on my body.
Passed down from the elders.
My grandmother used it on me.
her grandmother
on her.
Vaseline. [laughs]
[Andrea]
Hey.
glad you came home with
a full headcount today.
You kept your promise to Kane.
My word's about all I have left.
[Miles]
More than Kilborn can say.
Morally bankrupt traitor.
Though not financially.
I discovered he had $250.000
wired to him
from an offshore account.
Bombing was a mercenary job.
Would've been an easy payday
if Kane had died in the blast.
Let's take the win. y'all.
My modern day posse
came up big today.
[Noah James' "Set Free" playing]
[sighs]
Does it get easier?
What's that?
The killing.
I was kicked out of the Corps
before I was deployed.
♪ That I've had since... ♪
Hmm.
No.
'Cause it's the one thing
in life you can't undo.
♪ ...every night of every week ♪
♪ He said. "Boy.
if you want to be something ♪
♪ You can't do it without me" ♪
♪ I won't let no devil ♪
♪ Have a hold on me ♪
♪ It's like a bull... ♪
- [Andrea] Oh!
- [foosball table rattles]
[Miles]
Want a drink?
Come on. drink.
- [Taser crackles]
- [Miles groans]
- [Miles] Show us what you got.
- Uh. Isabel Turek.
right? Family bred
cutting horses.
Ah. appreciate that's what
you remember them from.
Look. team knows me as Skinner.
I'd like to keep it that way.
Sure.
Yeah. family secrets
are an old pastime.
- [Miles] That's on you.
- Excuse me.
I need to go stick a cork
in these two.
- [shouts]
- [laughs]
[overlapping chatter]
[laughter]
You realize
this is the antidote.
- For what?
- All the violence we've endured
and inflicted.
But helping others.
finding new purpose.
being a part
of the pack again. that's...
that's how you
wash the stains of war away.
Some stains are permanent.
Eh.
We owe it
to the people that we lost
to make our lives
mean something. so...
But what we did today mattered.
♪ introspective music
[Calvin]
Okay. let's go.
[Belle]
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
[overlapping chatter]
♪
Here I was.
assuming my issues went away
with the Dutton Ranch.
I sense that extends
to East Camp.
You know. I was choosing
the best path for my family.
No matter where I go. I end up
on the wrong side of the fence.
Well. if you don't
like the path you're on.
you have the power
to change course.
[Mo] Did a lot of good
with the marshals.
And gave the Kane family
piya wiconi.
Piya wiconi?
[Thomas]
New beginning.
They are possible.
It was nice to kill for
someone rather than...
something.
Duttons are all born
with the killer instinct.
But you're not a killer. Kayce.
You're a protector.
All the wolves out there.
we need sheepdogs
more than ever. Kayce.
♪ introspective music ♪
[birds singing]
Where you going?
Got to get the herd out.
Herd can wait.
Come sit.
[exhales]
Sorry for disobeying you
at the rally.
Don't you ever apologize
for standing up for your mother.
I'm the one
who should apologize.
I fought so hard to get out
from under the weight
of the Yellowstone.
and here I am.
forcing you to live
like my family's lived
for a hundred years.
But everything changed
when Mom died.
Yeah.
The only thing
more cruel than losing a parent
is losing the wrong one.
♪ gentle music ♪
The only reason I'm gripping
this place so tight
is 'cause it's the only thing
I have to offer you. son.
But what if
I'm not sure I want it?
What's so funny?
Your grandfather.
he warned me about this.
He said one day you'd test me.
Force me to make a decision that
not only affects your future.
but my place in it.
I want you
to forge your own path.
East Camp is your home.
it's not your destiny.
You won't hate me for that?
I've lost my teammates.
my parents.
my brothers. and even my wife
and I'm still standing.
But ending up
on the wrong side of you?
That'd be the end of me. son.
♪ Every time
that there's a shadow ♪
- ♪ Out the corner of my eye ♪
- [door opens]
[door closes]
♪ Every time
that there's a whisper ♪
♪ In the middle of the night ♪
♪ I don't fear the darkness ♪
♪ Like I did before ♪
♪ 'Cause I ain't afraid
of ghosts no more... ♪
I miss you. baby.
Miss my wife...
my best friend.
My only friend.
Been so lost.
The best part of me
died with you.
[crying softly]
You always told me
to fight for the life I want.
But I had the life I wanted.
It was with you.
I'm changing paths.
Gonna try to find a new
beginning for me and Tate.
♪
[quietly]
I love you. baby.
♪ It's said that time
will heal ♪
♪ But that clock just
winds and winds ♪
♪ I don't want to wait for you ♪
♪ Till I'm on the other side ♪
♪ I ain't afraid of
ghosts no more ♪
♪ No. I ain't afraid
of ghosts no more ♪
[gunshot]
♪ intense. percussive music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm